Allow custom checks before allowing a player to protect new areas (#74)
minetest-mods/areas: api.md

---

 * `areas:registerHudHandler(handler)` - Registers a handler to add items to the Areas HUD.  See [HUD](#hud).
 * `areas:registerProtectionCondition(func(pos1, pos2, name))` - 
See [Protection Conditions](#Protection-Conditions)
 * `areas:registerOnAdd(func(id, area))`
 * `areas:registerOnRemove(func(id))`
 * `areas:registerOnMove(func(id, area, pos1, pos2))`

Protection Conditions
---

With `areas:registerProtectionCondition(func(pos1, pos2, name))`
you can register rules to control whether to allow or prohibit the creation of an area.

Return values:
* `true` Always create the area, no matter of other conditions. 

> Note that this includes the conditions set by this mod.

Reviewer: I find L23 not so easy to understand. What do you think of this wording? (suggestion)

```suggestion
* `true` Forcefully allows the area creation. This overwrites the outcome of any
  previously executed conditions, including the default ones registered by this mod.
```

Author: I'm not a native speaker. Improvements are always appreciated :smile:

* `false, errMsg` Disable the creation of the area and return an error message.

> * `nil` Enable the creation of the area, if all other callbacks return `nil` too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `nil` (or no return value) Enable the creation of the area,
  unless specified otherwise by the other registered callbacks.
```
